Master, you haven't had your medicine for several days
If you drop it again, you won't be able to hold it
I asked him.
You go out first
Qian Yuan, you finally woke up
Daqian
I thought I would never see you again
To be honest, I guarantee you a long life
What do you have to do with that?
Well, I am.
You're all back at the company
Wait for me to finish dealing with this.
I'll explain it to you again.
This is your favorite meal
Go away sorry
I made a lot of mistakes.
But money
Who is it all for?
Why don't you understand my heart?
Who am I doing everything for?
Why don't you remember me?
I even blocked it for you
I just want to be with you all the time
What's wrong with me?
You brought it upon yourself.
I am too poor to marry
Don't you have any feelings for me?
We are relatives
Doesn't love turn into family in the end?